---
layout: post
title: "The Triple OS Project, Part I"
description: "A crazy adventure to find the best way to use a premium laptop."
date: 2019-12-31
tags: misc
comments: true
---

Something you should know about me is that I'm one of those people. The really, really, annoying ones at work, constantly going off about how amazing tiling window managers are and how you should use i3wm and vim for everything, because tiling window managers encourage you to (and make it really easy to) use multiple workspaces/desktops properly, and because modal editors are just the correct thing to do. 

On my old laptop, a dinky little Insprion 7368, I used the same Arch install with almost the same i3 config for three years. The only thing that really changed was my text editor of choice, where I slowly realized that vim was actually really, really good, and that I didn't take enough time to understand why it completely outranks traditional non-modal text editors, and why the plugins are lowkey better than those offered by atom, why it's more versatile etc. After I spent some time
ricing, I was pretty happy with my workflow, and felt like I did a pretty good job "power using" my machine. After trying to resize the Windows partition on the laptop broke my Arch install (thanks Windows...) I removed Windows, and installed Manjaro to use as my sole OS on that machine. 

By that point, I had only used Windows on the family desktop, mainly to play games and give my parents an easy time. It was too slow for an underpowered dual core CPU, anyways, and I believed anything (other than games and running Adobe programs) that Windows could do, my Linux setup could do better. Windows also made (makes, actually) me uncomfortable regarding its privacy policy, so I had little incentive to use it. 

However, I've recently upgraded to a newer laptop, the amazing Yoga C940, and a lot of things about the purchase have incentivized me to finally seek another change to my workflow, currently with two main possibilities: Windows with an Arch install via Windows Subsystem for Linux, or Manjaro with a macOS VM to cover the gaps in application support. More at 11.
